If you download the attached project snapshot which is my latest snapshot, you will see some differences
there,
so you should download it
and what did I change
and of course you can also go ahead and just implement these changes in your project.
Well I commented out my links to the add product and admin products pages in my navigation.ejs file
and I added a new unordered list after the first one
and there I added a new list item which is named login.
And then I also worked on the styles a bit
and most importantly in the styles, I had changed my main header nav to be of type display flex, header
width of 100% and justify content space between
but again you find these files attached to this video.
Now this leads to a setup where two navigation items are missing but the login button was added and
it's on the right
here due to that space between thing.
Now why did I add this?
Because I want to have some dummy login page.
We'll have a complete module on authentication where we dive deeper into all that is related to authenticating
but here authentication is a great example for data you would want to store for a specific user and
that is one of the typical use cases for using cookies and sessions
hence I want to use some dummy authentication in this module already.
So what can we do with that?
Well with that login button, we navigate if we have a look at navigation.ejs, we navigate to
/login
and that is a route which does not exist yet,
we got no routes for logging in or signing up or anything like that.
So I want to add this
and if you don't want to practice this, again if that's not interesting to you, you can simply skip the
next video,
you can skip it and download the finished adjustments, the finished code after that next video so that you
can continue with that.
So in the next video, we'll implement that login screen,
it's a great practice for you,
you can also try it on your own before diving into my lecture where we do it together.
And if you want to continue with cookies, immediately you skip the next lecture,
you download the finished code and continue with that.